hello there I'm Fernanda and this is my
winter capsule wardrobe recap so I
recently created my very first capsule
wardrobe I am at the end of my first
three month run the reason why I started
a little bit later than everybody else
is because it was my first time ever and
i just joined when I have the time I
thought it would be interesting to share
some of my thoughts of my first
experience before going into the spring
because of your first time where there's
a lot of things to consider so first of
all I wanted to share that even though i
had a reduced number of pieces in my
wardrobe i still didn't wear every
single piece so it made me think maybe
there's just some items in your wardrobe
that you'll never wear because you'll go
to your things that make you more
comfortable over and over again so
that's something to keep in mind i don't
know if that was just my experience or
if that was everybody's so if you had
something similar please comment below
because i would love to hear about you
guys I find it a little bit difficult to
have your the rest of your clothes away
packed away I do like the fact that you
don't see them but then I had to go on a
trip in the middle of the winter to a
warmer place and then I had to go
through all of my stuff to pick what I
was going to take on the trip and I was
kind of a pain in the butt to be
completely honest one thing I didn't
like about it is how often I had to do
laundry because girlfriend hates doing
laundry hates it but you know with only
33 items you're doing laundry almost
every like week or 10 days it doesn't
take me long it's just like I rather if
I didn't have to do it that often which
is honestly part of the reason why I had
a lot of clothes before another thing I
noticed is that my clothes started to
wear a lot quicker and I think that has
to do with the fact that I was watching
them a lot more often and I didn't have
a lot of stuff so I wasn't washing you
know separate colors very often and they
started creating Pinot low
lindt that your clothes get so that's
something definitely to keep in mind
that you have to be very mindful of the
fabrics that you pick because certain
synthetic fabrics actually get a lot
more damage from a lot more where to me
one of the things that was most exciting
was seeing my closet with such few
things and being able to see everything
and finding everything fast and second
just knowing exactly what I have and
just being able to look for it pick it
and then go and go ahead and get dressed
it's so much easier to get dressed in
the morning it's so much easier to not
have to think about it to be creative
like I've had certain combinations with
my clothes that I had never occurred to
me and then those are the ones that I
got more compliments on so that was
really fun and it also made me a better
shopper I started shopping for my spring
capsule wardrobe and I realized that I
didn't actually do buy anything cuz my
current wardrobe that was boxed up was
more than enough I was way more
selective about the things that I was
potentially purchasing than have ever
been before in my life for the purposes
of my winter capsule wardrobe I didn't
count any hats scarves gloves or my
outer wear and the reason why I did that
was because it was so cold I thought I
need to wear them like it's not even an
option so what's winning counting them
and actually I think that was a good
choice on my end because if I have
counted those five items because you're
supposed to count accessories then that
would have been five items in my
wardrobe that I wouldn't have been able
to use over and over again if you're
about to start your first capsule
wardrobe something that I would really
recommend is to take time to pick pieces
that really make you happy and feel
special clothes that fit well or the
fabric looks good overall I would
definitely recommend that you try it if
this is something that is interesting to
you give it a shot trust me just put
aside that afternoon and pick your first
33 just based on your closet trust me
not need to shop you would be amazed how
much I can do with the stuff that you
already have and give it a go it's
definitely a great jumping-off point
into minimalism and into reducing and
that is going to be it for this video I
hope you found this information useful
and I would love to hear what you have
to say if you're just visiting and you
just stumble across this video first of
all welcome second of all please don't
forget to subscribe there's a button
over here that you can click and it
actually helps me out a lot so click it
if you're interested in more capsule
wardrobe videos hacks all those things
that I do you can find me anywhere on
the internet i'm on twitter facebook
instagram i'm also in snapchat but i'm
just learning how to use it so i'll tell
you about that one later and you can
contact me whenever i love hearing from
you guys and i love answering questions
and i love the community aspect of
youtube so don't be afraid to reach out
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you next Thursday with the spring
capsule wardrobe that I recently been I